README.md, before:

# Sticky NFT

## Install

```
pnpm install
```

Create a `.env` file:

```
cp .env.template .env
```

Add your own keys in the `.env` file.

## Test

```
pnpm test
```

## Deploy

```
pnpm deploy:<NETWORK_NAME>
```

## Check balance

You can check the current signer wallet balance:

```
pnpm bal <NETWORK_NAME>
```

## Verify using Sourcify

```
pnpm sourcify:<NETWORK_NAME>
```

## Versions

-   Node [v20.9.0](https://nodejs.org/uk/blog/release/v20.9.0/)
-   PNPM [v8.7.5](https://pnpm.io/pnpm-vs-npm)
-   Hardhat [v2.19.4](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat/releases/)
-   OpenZeppelin Contracts [v5.0.1](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/releases/tag/v5.0.1)
-   Ethers [v6.10.0](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/)

## Support

You can contact me via [Element](https://matrix.to/#/@julienbrg:matrix.org), [Telegram](https://t.me/julienbrg), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/julienbrg), [Discord](https://discordapp.com/users/julienbrg), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/julienberanger/).

Commit message:

Add metadata template (#4)
* add metadata template

* clean up

* add instructions

README.md, after:

# Sticky NFT

## Install

```
pnpm install
```

Create a `.env` file:

```
cp .env.template .env
```

Add your own keys in the `.env` file.

## Test

```
pnpm test
```

## Deploy

- Edit the metadata json file
- Upload it to IPFS
- Replace with the document URL (line 12 in the contract)

Then: 
```
pnpm deploy:<NETWORK_NAME>
```

## Check balance

You can check the current signer wallet balance:

```
pnpm bal <NETWORK_NAME>
```

## Versions

-   Node [v20.9.0](https://nodejs.org/uk/blog/release/v20.9.0/)
-   PNPM [v8.7.5](https://pnpm.io/pnpm-vs-npm)
-   Hardhat [v2.19.4](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat/releases/)
-   OpenZeppelin Contracts [v5.0.1](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/releases/tag/v5.0.1)
-   Ethers [v6.10.0](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/)

## Support

You can contact me via [Element](https://matrix.to/#/@julienbrg:matrix.org), [Telegram](https://t.me/julienbrg), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/julienbrg), [Discord](https://discordapp.com/users/julienbrg), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/julienberanger/).
